​This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for:
John Allwork’s Alexa Skills 
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this software. 
It notifies you of the following: 
1.    What personally identifiable information is collected from you, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. 
2.    What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. 
3.    The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. 
4.    How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 
5.    Children
6.    Published Alexa Skills
 
1. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
No user information is collected by these Skills.
2. Your Access to and Control Over Information 
No contracts are made by me in the use of this skill. You may opt out of any future contacts from me at any time. You can do this at any time by de-listing the Alexa skill from all of your devices.
3. Security
None of your information is collected by thi]s skill. I take precautions to protect any information. When you submit sensitive information via the Alexa service, your information is protected both online and offline. Encryption is used to protect sensitive information transmitted online and your information is also protected offline. The computers/servers in which I store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. 
4. Updates 
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. 
If you feel that I am not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact me immediately via email at JohnAllworkAlexa@gmail.com
5. Children
We do not use the Skills to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. We recommend that if a child is using any of these Skills, this is only done with adult supervision. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at john.allwork@gmail.com. I will delete such information from my files within a reasonable time.
6. Published Alexa Skills
a) Word Wheel
b) Find a Word
c) Word Search
d) Gobang game
